DeepWiki extension (#18804)
raycast/extensions: extensions/deepwiki/CHANGELOG.md

# Deepwiki Changelog

> ## [0.2.0] - 2024-09-17
> 
> ### Added
> 
> - New command: **Crawl DeepWiki Docs**. This command crawls all documentation pages for a specified DeepWiki repository (e.g., `microsoft/vscode`) and copies the combined content to the clipboard in a Markdown format suitable for LLMs.
> - Added a shortcut (`Cmd+Shift+K`) to the **Search Deepwiki Repos** command to trigger the new crawl command directly from a search result.
> 
> ## [0.1.0] - 2024-09-17
> 
> ### Added
> 
> - Initial release with two commands:
>   - **Open Deepwiki Page**: Opens the DeepWiki page for a specific GitHub repo URL or identifier.
>   - **Search Deepwiki Repos**: Searches repositories indexed by DeepWiki.

Reviewer: The extension tests well locally. Another piece of advice: I think the changelog can be updated to be better like this.

```suggestion
## [Initial Version] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}

- Initial release with three commands:
  - **Crawl DeepWiki Docs**: This command crawls all documentation pages for a specified DeepWiki repository (e.g., `microsoft/vscode`) and copies the combined content to the clipboard in a Markdown format suitable for LLMs.
  - **Open Deepwiki Page**: Opens the DeepWiki page for a specific GitHub repo URL or identifier.
  - **Search Deepwiki Repos**: Searches repositories indexed by DeepWiki.
```

Author: I'm not exactly sure how that literal string gets replaced, but will change this!
